you already in Matthew chapter 22.
Good morning concord.
Glad to be back a second Sunday here.
My name is Steve Park.
We haven't met already and I'm honored these young ladies are here also didn't expect this today and to be a part of your weekend and to our vets again.
I already thank you again for me from all of our staff in this church and certainly to our other campuses who are watching also.
We're so thankful you're with us in worship today.
Now last night let me tell you about this little dilemma of God.
I was watching the Georgia game.
We were up 27-nothing.
Midway through the fourth quarter I felt like the game was in hand.
And I've got like a little loft, little room where we watch games and stuff, media room.
Came downstairs, my wife had already gone to bed.
And I go into the kitchen and somebody had emptied the trash, my wife I assume, and taken the trash bag out and left the light on the kitchen and left the trash bag sitting in the middle of the floor.
What could this mean?
Why did my wife take out the trash and leave it in the mill for?
Why did she not take the 45 seconds or so to go out to our garage and to deposit it in the container?
Why did she leave it there with the light on?
I'm wondering, what am I to do in this situation?
Well, hang on and I'll tell you my theory on this, okay?
Now we're gonna talk about this morning.
You gotta go back last week, if you weren't here, we talked about times of uncertainty in the church with the circumstances that you faced
And we saw in the scripture that where you need to put your focus as a church in times of uncertainty is own unity.
And if you did not hear that message, I would encourage you to go back and watch it online.
And I think you'd be encouraged by it.
But I want to make it more personal and go right to where you are this morning, ask you to ask God to speak to your heart.
As we get more personal, how about when you personally face times of uncertainty, when the fog of uncertainty
rolls in your way like when you're experiencing pain, whether it's physical pain or emotional pain or pain of a relationship or pain of brokenness.
Where do you put your attention when those times come your way?
How about when you have medical problems or medical emergencies?
Are they yours or those who are close to you?
How about in a congregation this size when you have marital struggles?
I mean, you love your spouse, but you're really struggling.
Where do you put your attention during those times of struggle?
How about when you face rejection?
You've lost job.
You've lost relationship.
You've lost position.
Perhaps you've lost, you wanted to be a lead in a play on the starting lineup and you didn't get the position or the opportunity you thought you feel rejected by someone or something.
When you face disappointment or perhaps financial difficulty, we're all vulnerable.
Nobody's perfect.
We can, even without big bank accounts, things can go wrong sometimes.
when we've been let down or there's any, there's hundreds of possibilities where we could feel like we're in a place of unsettledness in our own lives or uncertainty in our lives.
And the fog rolls over and sometimes it can overwhelm you and quite frankly, rob you of your joy and you just don't feel happy in the Lord.
And honestly, you can get so distracted by those times.
You don't feel like ministering.
You don't feel like sharing your faith.
Don't feel like worshiping or going to Bible study or sometimes even doing things related to the church.
In those times, where do you put your focus?
And the Bible addresses that in Matthew chapter 22.
Now the setting here is Jesus has come into Jerusalem.
We'll talk about last week the last supper, the Lord's Supper.
This is a few days before that.
It's the same week.
He comes in knowing he's going to be crucified.
But during that week, there's a lot of discussion going on about who Jesus is.
There's a lot of debate and healthy discussion and some unhealthy by the way and they're talking about a lot of issues and one thing they were really concerned about where Jesus got his authority because he did not have the credentials of the day.
He didn't have his PhD in a seminary so to speak.
He didn't have the credentials of the other religious leaders so they were debating where he got his authority from.
They were debating things like is there really an afterlife?
Is there really
life after death.
What happens when we go on from this life into the next?
Is there anything at all?
Should you pay taxes?
That was another big discussion that we're having.
So all kinds of things that we're debating that week who would come to this text right here in Matthew chapter 22 verse 34.
Do me a favor right now.
Stand if you would while we read this text from God's Word.
And as you stand, just prayer, prayer in your heart.
Ask God.
Say, God this morning, speak to my heart personally.
Okay.
So Jesus is now in Jerusalem.
And in verse 34 says, when the Pharisees heard that Jesus had silenced the Sadducees, they were the ones debating about the afterlife and Jesus easily won the argument.
It says, they came together and one of them, an expert in the law, asked a question to test Jesus.
Teacher, here's the question.
Which command in the law is the greatest?
He said to him, love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, all your mind.
This is the greatest and most important command.
Let's pray.
Father, before we are seated and we move into this message, we've already asked you to speak to our hearts.
And God, this is a message that we're all going to need.
Some need it right now.
And Father, I know we don't remember every message we hear, but I pray you will take this one and plant it in the heart of every person here.
And they would literally years and even decades now have recall
of this very principle that you're gonna teach and then we would tap into it during our times of difficulty and uncertainty.
And we ask it in Jesus' name, amen.
Now in your bulletin, if you get them the way you in or if you just got a piece of paper, you can take notes.
And there's three things I wanna highlight here about what Jesus says.
And number one, when it comes to your focus in times of uncertainty, number one, this focus is first.
Go back to verse 34.
As a matter of fact, I wanna look on the screen here.
So when the Pharisees heard that Jesus had silenced the Sadducees, they came together and one of them, an expert in the law, asked a question to test him, to test Jesus.
Here's the question, which commandment in the law is the greatest?
Now, perhaps you're thinking they're asking of the top 10 of the 10 commandments, Jesus ranked those one through 10.
If you had to take the 10 commandments, which one would be the most important?
But that's really, that's not what they're asking.
You see, the religious leaders of the days having the Old Testament as their scripture, they had identified over 600 things in the Old Testament that were told either to do or not to do.
Over 600 commands.
And they're saying, Jesus, out of the 600 do's and don'ts in the Old Testament, if you had to rank the top 10, which one would be number one?
Which one would be first?
Now, there was a lot of discussion about what the number one commandment
are the most important commandment was.
The interesting thing here is they're asking the question and when they ask it, trust me, Jesus does not pause.
He does not ponder.
He does not research.
He does not hesitate.
They are speaking to the one who literally is the Word of God.
And when they ask him what the most important command is, he did not hesitate.
He said the number one thing you need to do is this, above all else,
Love God with all you've got, with all your heart, all your mind, all your soul, all your strength.
It's the number one thing in life that should get your attention.
It's the number one thing that should be your priority, each and every person here.
It's the number one thing that should drive you, the number one thing that gives you direction, the one thing that you place above all else.
So in theology, we reference this as the great commandment, not a good commandment,
Not one of the better commandments.
Not one of the best commandments.
It is the commandment of all commandments.
We have similarly what we call the Great Commission in Matthew 28.
It's not a good commission.
It's not a fine commission.
It's the commission of commissions.
It tells us our mission.
But right here at our core, for every individual, the one thing we're to be focused on, the thing that comes first is loving God with all our heart, mind, soul and strength.
Now listen carefully because I know you hear preachers all the time.
But what I'm sharing at this point, this is not my opinion.
This is Jesus, God in flesh, Son of God, Creator of the universe being asked, if you had to rank everything in life, all the commands, what is the most important?
And Jesus said undoubtedly, above all, it's to love God with all your heart, mind, soul, and strength.
Now I'll ask a question.
Could it be that some of the difficulties that we experience, not all of them, but that some of the difficulties we experience is because we're not putting God first.
We're not loving Him with all we've got.
Or perhaps God's allowing us to go through some difficulty, we didn't even bring it on ourselves, but God allows some difficulty to come our way in order to test our faith because trust me, when things aren't going well, you find out what's important to someone.
It's not when things are all right,
It's not when you're really happy, it's when you're not so happy.
It's when things aren't going your way.
It's when you have been let down.
It's when the storm does come into your life.
It's when the fog does roll over you.
It's when you are in difficulty, you see what somebody's really made of and what their priorities genuinely are.
Or could it be that he knows that if we do hear his voice through the fog of pain, that we'll only hear in that pain, that we'll be compelled to put him first as believers.
So I want you to think about this.
While we, and when I say we, while loving God with all your heart, I want to be clear, students, this will not resolve or eliminate or remove every problem you face.
But here's what you can believe, students.
If you grasp what I'm sharing this morning, you will be energized beyond your expectation even during times of difficulty.
and you see people get knocked down by their problems and they're so depressed and so down and just can't seem to function emotionally and sometimes even physically but when you love God with all your heart and when you turn your focus here it re-energizes you and what you'll find is that in your pain you will experience peace and out of your heart all of a sudden you'll find healing in the midst of your grief all of a sudden you experience grace out of your heartache all of a sudden you discover hope
In the midst of your trials, all of a sudden you see an experienced trust.
In the midst of sadness, all of a sudden you feel God's support.
In the midst of difficulty, all of a sudden you find delight.
When you are in hardship, you get help when you love God with all you've got.
I don't know about you, but I think learning to love God with all you have is a good thing.
How about you?
And we need to know that this morning, but we do get distracted.
This is first, but not only is this first,
But this focus is fundamental.
Now, not to be confused with fundamentalism as a part of theology or religion or legalism.
I'm not talking about fundamental in that way, but hang on to that thought.
Look at this.
Jesus said, watch this, love the Lord your God with, watch this all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind, all.
When you see words over and over, there's an emphasis here, all.
All, all.
This is the greatest and most important command.
Now, he's not saying, here's the number one thing you need to do, students.
Here's the main thing.
Fundamentally, you need to love God a lot.
That is not the command.
He's not saying, fundamentally, you need to love God a good bit.
That is not it.
You need to love God more than other people love God.
That is not the command.
It is very personal.
It's as if God
looks eye to eye or eye to heart with us.
I want you to love me, strive to love me with all that you personally are capable of loving me with.
Now, perhaps you've heard the name Vince Lombardi.
Vince Lombardi was the Bill Bella check of his day, whether you like him or not.
He's the greatest coach, someone to say of all time.
One five NFL championships as a coach, two Super Bowls.
I think it was two of the first three.
and he was just an outstanding coach.
Now, you've learned already, I just love a lot of things in life, and I do love football.
My dad took me to play when I was eight years of age in a neighboring town where there was no park water, no little league football in my town, so it drove me about 10 miles.
From the time I was eight years of age, Kyle loved the game, he loved the game, and so I would go week after week in play, and as I got older, I moved into high school, and I would love to have had Vince Lombardi as a coach, and our coaches got to bless them.
They did not have the skills of a Vince Lombardi.
And I'm just telling you, I was not good.
I'm not even claiming to be good.
My biggest claim to fame was I played with good people, good athletes.
And I played against good athletes.
For example, I played against a guy by the name of George Rogers.
Now, you big football fanatics, you might know that name.
Younger people may not.
But let me tell you about George Rogers.
In high school, he was a man among boys, I'm just telling you.
He went on to be a player at the University of South Carolina where he won the Heisman Trophy.
He was a running back.
He was just outstanding.
He was a number one draft pick in the NFL, number one overall, but another number one draft pick for sure of the New Orleans Saints and had an all pro career.
And so here I am in high school playing against an athlete of that stature.
Now here's what I want you to know about my claim to fame.
When I was on defense, George Rogers only gained 35 yards on that play.
And he would have gained more, but his cleats got stuck in my chest is what happened, okay?
And it's hard to run when somebody stuck to your shoes what I'm telling you.
Okay.
Now, this Lombardi, he would come in a pro coach with pro athletes who were knowledgeable and skilled and open training camp by holding up a football and say something like, men, this is a football.
It described how a football was different than the balls you use in other sports.
And now football, the ball itself was central to the game and how you had to protect
that ball and how you had to vatch that ball.
And he got right down to the core of these men who knew more than most of us know about it, but he went down to the very core of the game each and every year.
And perhaps that Hawaii was so good.
He always brought those men back to the very fundamentals or basics of blocking and tackling and knowing about what the ball is.
And Jesus in essence was in this day doing the same thing for us, not only his believers, but even unbelievers.
to draw you to a relationship with Him, explaining that the core thing, the fundamental point of life is to learn to love God with all that you've got.
Perhaps that's why Paul says in Colossians 3, 23, whatever you do, now that covers a lot of ground, whatever you do, do it enthusiastically or do it, we'd say passionately.
Everything you do, as something done for the Lord and not for men, we're living for Him.
But that begs the question, you know, how do we do that?
Because tangibly,
We understand how to demonstrate love for one another through, you know, acts of kindness or expressions of affection or placing others' needs ahead of our own or verbal affirmations.
Now, let's go back to last night.
I come downstairs and there's a trash bag in the middle of the kitchen.
Why is this here?
Now, if you don't know this, I'm married, okay?
Been married a long time and I do love my wife and so I'm wondering what the meaning of this is.
Cause there's no note left there, okay?
There's no instructions.
And I want to say after being married young ladies a long time, I want to tell you something happened.
I hate to confess this publicly, but I'm going to tell you right now, my wife schemingly has trained me.
She knows that I know what to do with that trash bag, although I have no instructions.
She expects that I will come down, I will see it and I will take that trash bag, I will pick it up, I'll walk it to the garage, I will deposit it,
I will come back in, I'll close, turn out lights, I'll go to the room and I won't say anything about it.
And the whole reason that trash bag is sitting there, though she would never express it this way, is she is asking, Steve, do you love me?
Do you love me?
That you would do something for me, though you're not even asked, though you're not even compelled.
I'm not required to do that by anybody, not by any law, not by any circumstance.
But honestly, I did it because I love her.
You see, I do love my wife.
And I do things to express my love from taking out the trash and acts of kindness for her and I'll hold her hand and I'll tell her I love her and I'm about to be gone for a couple of days.
So I'll call her and I'll communicate with her in which she chases me around the house as she often does wanting me to kiss her.
I will often stop and grant her her wish because I love her.
Okay.
And so we begin to ask the question though.
What does that look like with Jesus?
you know how is it we demonstrate love and you you see several ways in the scripture here watch this first of all by growing obedience to God's word when you are growing and becoming more and more obedient to God's word you're expressing love John 14 15 Jesus said this if you love me you will keep my commands when I was a little boy I love cookies and could not resist if a cookie was in front of me I was going to take it
if it were offered.
Now when I was a teenager I still loved cookies and I could resist I just didn't want to.
And so I wouldn't.
But now as an adult I've discovered that I've got an X-Men superpower.
I can look at food and gain weight.
So all I gotta do is look at it.
And so I still like cookies but I don't eat them very often.
I have learned it's not a matter of could I eat the cookie, it's a matter of
should I eat the cookie?
And so I've got a growing self-discipline.
And respectfully, teenagers, I'm more disciplined than I was when I was young.
I'm more disciplined than I was when I was in my 30s, when I was a college student, when I was a teenager, when I was a child.
And shouldn't it be that way?
Should I not be more disciplined now in my life than I was when I was 14?
Or even when I was 34?
Or shouldn't it not be that as I've walked with Jesus this year, should I not love Him more now than I've ever loved Him before?
giving me an increasing desire not only to know his commands but to obey his commands so when I have a growing obedience to God's word I'm showing God that I love him by the way secondly that you love other believers John chapter 13 verse 34 says I give you a new command love one another just as I have loved you you must also love one another by this all people will know that you are my disciples if you have love for one another this is talking about the way we at Concord love
our brothers and sisters in Christ.
He's saying, when you love the people who are members of this church, you are showing love for me.
When you have a difficulty, a disagreement, when you're standing on the opposite sides of things, when you don't like somebody who is here, but you set aside your lack of liking, you set aside your disagreement, you set aside the tension that you have, and you seek reconciliation as you do that you are demonstrating love for God by demonstrating love to your fellow brother and sister.
and saw it as we should love them when it does that.
It says here that it tells people the way we love one another demonstrates that we're his disciples.
When we love God's family and God's people and God's church, we're demonstrating love for God.
Thirdly, by your desire to help others.
Look at John 21, verse 15.
It says, when they had eaten breakfast, Jesus asked Simon Peter, Simon, son of John, do you love me more than these?
Yes, Lord, Simon Peter said to him,
You know I love you."
And Jesus said, if you do, then feed my, watch this, lambs.
And he goes on to say, feed my sheep, feed my sheep.
But it's interesting, he begins by feed my lambs.
Now, answer out loud, if you don't want to other campuses answer out loud too, I can't hear you, but people in the room can.
If you have worked or do work with preschool age boys and girls, say men.
Okay, there's three people.
All right now, if you do now or you have worked with children, say men.
Okay, if you do now or you have worked with teenagers, say men.
Did you know every minute, every hour you give to boys and girls and teenagers, you're demonstrating love for God?
He said, you love me?
Feed my lens.
I want to say to every one of you here, you should at some point in your life be investing something into the next generation, something in the younger people.
And it's never too late to do that.
But you can do that also by ministering to adults and helping them to grow.
But by your love, not only for each other and your desire, but your desire to help others to grow.
Number four, by your compassion and ministry to hurting people.
Matthew 25, beginning of verse 37.
The righteous will answer in hell and say, Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you or thirsty and give you something to drink?
When did we see you as stranger and take you in or with that clothes and clothes you?
When did we see you sick or in prison and visit you?
And the king, that's Jesus, will answer them and say, I assure you, when you did it for one of them, the least of these brothers of mine, you did it for me.
Here's what it means.
It's not only the way we love one another, but out in this community, someone who's not even a believer.
They don't even go to church.
They don't even care about church.
Maybe they don't even believe in God, but they're going through difficulty.
And when you reach out and you, in Jesus' name, reach out and you either literally or figuratively put your arm around them and you help them through a time of difficulty, you are expressing love for God.
That's how you show your love for God with all your heart, even with unbelievers when you show love for them.
And then number five, by your desire to know Him more intimately.
Ephesians 4-25 says,
love your wives as Christ loved the church and gave himself for her.
So he uses that analogy of husbands and wives, how we, I told you I love a lot of things, but other than God, nothing more than my wife.
I want to be as close to her and I have to keep working on it every year of my life because she is such a priority, absolutely positively.
So what we see here is this, spiritually when you hunger for worship,
And when you praise God and when you adore Him and when you sing out and when you pray and when you spend time alone with Him, you're demonstrating love for God.
And it should be that when guests come in here and they see the way that concord members worship and praise and pray and take notes and dig in and say, man, those folks love God.
It should be demonstrated to them and it is.
It shows that you love them.
The key is you do it with all you've got.
Do you do that?
You serve, do you worship with all you've got?
So this focus is first, is fundamental, and finally this focus is foundational.
Now I'll look up on the screen here, because here this follows what we just read.
He also adds, though he was asked about the most important commandment, he said, I'll throw you a bonus here.
Let me tell you what number two is.
He said, the second most important command, the second is to like it.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
Now I'm not gonna count there, I wanna think about this next thought.
All the law and the prophets depend on these two commands.
So that's what I mean when I say this focus is foundational.
What I mean by that is that it literally impacts every element of your life.
In other words, if I do this, if I love God with all my heart, let me ask you a question.
If I love God with all my heart, does that make me a better husband?
Yes or no?
Y'all want to think about it?
All right, let me think.
Think about it a second.
I'll ask it again.
All right, are you ready?
You ready to answer?
If I love God with all my heart, will that make me a better husband?
Absolutely.
If I learned to love God with all my heart, will that make me a better father?
Yes.
My mom's still living.
If I love God with all my heart, does that make me a better son for her?
If I love God with all my heart, does that make me a better business owner if I want a business?
or if I'm an employee.
I could go anything I could say.
It's almost like in business, you call it a driver.
You do this one thing and it results in other things.
Maybe you're not familiar with that, but maybe you think of lining up dominoes and you tip the first domino, which makes the second domino, which makes the third domino, which makes the fourth domino fall.
And what Jesus is saying, if you never opened this, you should open it, but if you never did, but you understood these two things.
Number one, learn to love God with all your heart
It affects everything else.
Four things quickly.
It impacts every element of your life.
Secondly, it refocuses periphery arguments.
And man, here's, I want to dig here just for a second, because we all get in these discussions politically today, very contentious, and feel logically, even in badger's life sometimes, we don't see things the same way.
How do you handle this?
Now I'm trying to think about an illustration that's not controversial.
Just kind of show you how this works.
Suppose I'm talking to one of you,
start talking about food and you say, uh, I'm a vegetarian.
I said, excuse me.
You say, I, I don't eat meat.
I'm a, I'm a vegan.
I said, well, not me.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a megan.
I think the technical word is I'm a meditarian.
Okay.
I like hamburgers.
I like steak.
I like fish.
I like chicken.
And perhaps the other person began to argue with me about why I should or should not eat certain foods.
And they're not going to convince me.
And honestly, I'm probably not going to convince them.
And we can really get upset with one another over that issue.
Now you can fill in the blank on what the subject is politically, theologically.
But if I can just disqual myself before I get too deep into a contentious discussion, listen girls, before I get too far they say, hang on a second, before we go any further.
Can we agree, Matthew chapter 22 says, Jesus is asked, what is the number one commandment?
And Jesus said the number one thing above all else, it's to love God with all your heart, mind, soul and strength.
Now they really can't argue with it, it's in the scripture, it says it.
That is what Jesus said, not me.
This is not my opinion.
This is the Son of God, God in the flesh.
This is what He said.
Okay, well here's the point, instead of us quibbling over what foods we should and should not eat, how can I help you love God more?
Let's talk about that.
And let's come together on how you can help me love God more, because here's the reality.
If you love God with all your heart, you really do, and you're always chasing and pursuing that,
You will come ultimately, I believe, to the right conclusion about whatever those subjects may be.
And we may even have different opinions still.
But it draws us together instead of divides us.
So it refocuses periphery arguments.
It draws you back to your core responsibility.
And it gives you clarity in the midst of uncertainty.
Now, the greater the uncertainty you're facing.
I want to see this next little slide here.
The greater the uncertainty that you're facing,
the greater the need to gravitate towards a growing love for Jesus.
I'll say it another way.
The less you feel like going to church, the more you need to be in church.
The less you feel like studying God's Word, the more you need to study God's Word.
The less you feel like praying, the more important it is for you to pray.
That's when we've got to learn to love God, not based on how we feel, but by our will, we love Him with all we've got.
This is the one thing that should be
your life should be focused on no matter what your circumstances are, because vibrant faith focuses on a growing love for Jesus.
Listen, more than the circumstances that constantly cry for your attention, and they do.
And they do for me many times.
I guess I could ask this as we wrap it up.
Have you ever loved God more than you love Him now?
Well, you're 11 years of age or 16,
26, 37, 79.
You're down the road.
You should love God more than you've ever loved Him before.
And He's trying through this text to bring us back to that very core thought.
And I would ask you this, because if I went around right now and said, do you love God?
Do you love God?
Do you love?
If I ask you, I know you would give me this Sunday school lesson.
Yeah, I love God.
Of course I do.
Well, I want to ask you this.
This is just, again,
those first steps toward demonstrating love for God.
Have you surrendered your heart to Christ and acknowledged it publicly and been baptized?
Now here's why I say that.
If you have not, you may love God, I'm not gonna question that, but I can tell you this, you don't love God with all you've got.
You see, God loves you with all he has.
We see in Romans chapter five verse eight, God proves his love for us that while we were sinners, in spite of the fact we're sinners, that Christ
died for us.
So have you said, Lord, the least I could do is respond back by trusting you and receiving your forgiveness, which is freely given, but it's not automatic.
It has to be received.
It's available.
Have you received it?
And if not, I want you even right now to say, Lord, today I want to ask you to forgive my sins and be Lord of my life.
Now, I want to dig deeper into that with you and your next steps.
But your next step would be this.
In a moment, we're going to stand.
Our musicians are going to make their way right now, as a matter of fact.
And when you stand in a few moments, you're going to come to a pastor and say, today, I'm coming to surrender my heart to Christ, to demonstrate that I love him with all my heart, and to be baptized, to demonstrate I love him with all my heart.
You see, God already loves you with all his heart.
It was demonstrated when he gave Jesus
when Jesus gave his life so you could be forgiven of your sins.
So you could have a love relationship with him so that you can have eternity in heaven.
And when you love God with all your heart, it does not mean that your life, listen girls, it doesn't mean your life is going to be trouble free when you do this.
I can tell you, it won't be trouble free.
When you love God with all your heart, though it's not trouble free, you will experience freedom even in the midst of your difficulty, a freedom that lifts you up in your storms.
and a freedom that gives you the ability to appreciate your blessings when those seasons of calmness and a freedom that ripples out to inspire others to love Him like you do.
And it does that when people see you loving God.
God's our Creator.
We know that.
He's our Redeemer.
He's my God.
He's my hope.
He's my Father.
He's my friend.
He's my ever-present
help in times of trouble.
He's my source of wisdom, what little I have.
He's my foundation for my life.
He's my rescuer.
He's my redeemer.
He holds the world in His hands and He holds me in His heart.
How can I help but to strive to love Him with all my heart, all my soul, all my strength?
How about you?
I want you to stand right now.
And I want you to do something because you stand with heads bowed and eyes closed.
And I want you to
Just spend just a moment in your heart with God and demonstrate love to Him in your prayer.
And one way is simply to tell Him that you love Him.
And you've surrendered your heart, you've publicly acknowledged that to come today to the pastor here on the other campus today.
I'm coming to give my life to Christ.
And then maybe you're in a storm today and you need encouragement.
Well, listen, I'll step down.
Our pastors are here.
We would love to pray with you and encourage you.
We're not here to tell you how to do anything.
We're just here to, again, just to walk alongside you and encourage you any way we can.
And then to pray this church during a season of uncertainty that individually we would go back to the core, the thing that's first, the thing that's fundamental, the thing that's foundational, which is learning to love God with all we've got.
Let's pray to that in Father, thank you for your word.
And may we be obedient to it.
And may we learn to love you.
And may we leave this place loving you more than we ever have.
And may we demonstrate it tangibly, not just with words, but with deeds.
We ask in Jesus' name, amen.
You come on right now.